# DS_Final_Project_TPJ
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death worldwide and in our country. This project will dive into the group of diseases and seek out to understand the main factors that contribute to them. Using a relatively large dataset of patients, several predictive analytic models will be created in an attempt to assess whether or not an individual will have a cardiovascular disease. Each of these models will utilize a different separate predictive analysis technique in order to differentiate between which model will perform best for the type of information dealt with in the project. In addition to model building, an exploratory data analysis will be undertaken that aims to answer several key questions related to the factors that cause cardiovascular disease. The project will utilize the Python programming language and several of the libraries included in the language, in addition to the data visualization program, Tableau. Can cardiovascular disease be accurately predicted with demographic, lifestyle, and biometrical information? The models created in this project seek to answer this question. 

After exploring the dataset, and with additional preprocessing, there should be no major challenges when it comes to creating the different models that this project seeks to utilize. With a relatively even distribution of outcomes, the dataset is already set up that will assist in creating unbiased models. Though the data may not have enough depth to tackle big picture questions related to the factors contributing to cardiovascular disease, it could still prove reliable in predicting the presence of it in a patient.

Beginning with the model building of the project, a logistic regression model was created to serve as a baseline for the more complex models to come. The first model for the project has been created, a K-Nearest Neighbor Classifier model for predicting the outcome.

Created a project poster that displays all findings after making the preliminary model
